Madison is the lucky pop sugar fan who
won the chance to meet her favorite
celebrity Kristen Bell to learn more
about Kristen Madison met her favorite
animal a sloth recorded some lines for
Gossip Girl and wellness shoppings free
now the big day is here
and Madison will get a beauty makeover
from Kristin's personal glam squad
before meeting Kristen Bell herself
I'm walking now to Kristen hi oh my gosh
maybe I should just warn her I feel like
I know that you get really emotional
about sloths but there's not a live one
here I'm not trying to trick you like
Outland but I do have a picture I like
to write down to everything I might say
it's I'm only on question 2 but I have
like appeared I've been kind of getting
ready all morning the closer that it got
to time the more nervous and excited I
got I guess so Madison this is Angie and
Simone and they are Kristen's own
personal glam squad so they're gonna get
you all ready for your interview waiting
alright I'll let you guys take it away
you're gonna have such an easy time
talking to her she's so easy to talk to
she's super sweet it was really cool
meeting Simone and Angie they were both
really nice Simone is known Kristen for
12 years and so she it was really
interesting to talk to her she said that
she's still the same person now as she
was when she first met her I think you
look amazing you look gorgeous
yeah I feel a lot better we're gonna do
amazing you're gonna have so much fun
and don't even worry about it
ten minutes till I meet Kristen so I
just have to look at my cards and get
more nervous she's actually in the room
just around the corner I'm walking now
to Kristen
hi I'm Kirsten hi Madison nice to meet
you very nice to meet ya how are you I'm
doing well
beautiful thank you so do you okay I
just saw your movie last night oh you
did it was great thank you
acts are so adorable Thanks I have to
say though there was a lot of car chase
scenes lots of driving and you you
actually did your own stunts and this is
that right I did well if you call doing
your own stunts sitting in a passenger
seat well yes there was some pretty
awesome drag he seemed very comfortable
I was just wondering I mean I know
that's actually that's his car right yes
so does he drive like that a lot oh yeah
yes he does Maddie Driver is why I
looked very comfortable well I guess it
would probably be easier considering you
I you guys are engaged us Tim I just
level of trust we have that level of
trust yes I do I do sometimes wonder who
he cares more about me or the car but
you know what that's fine I also don't
need to be like number one all the time
Lady Lincoln was in his life quite a few
years before I was I respect her we have
no problems she is my sister wife one of
my other questions was I know you and
Dax obviously did this maybe together
yep and I heard a clip where he called
each other he called your couple cracks
well that you know that was a funny
nickname we came up with I don't know
what a lonely Saturday night no one
cares enough to give us a nickname
because we're just not very important
and we thought like oh well maybe we'll
give ourselves maybe it'll be really
gross like um we're pretty proud of it
Veronica Mars is actually where I first
saw you and it was pretty inspirational
for me at that age to kind of be
watching someone on TV playing a young
character who is this woman who's strong
and smart and independent able to do all
those things and be those people and it
was very inspiring for me and so I just
wanted to thank you for doing that
and I wanted to know what what was the
reason that you chose to play that role
if I'm being really honest I do the jobs
that I booked I auditioned for a ton of
that I don't look that season of pilot
season I was like I really really hope I
book this because this seems like such a
good project so it was really just luck
she's very snarky and fun the greatest
right so snarky well one of the reasons
I'm such a huge fan is because you
always come across so real and genuine
and you just kind of put yourself out
there and you say this is who I am and
accept it and actually I mean I'm sure
everyone's seen the Ellen sloth video
and you put that out there yourself and
I think that that's awesome that you
just showed it and said this is me until
I wanted to warn you before I show you
anything because I know you get a little
emotional Dale's loss but I actually got
to spend some time with one myself and
recreate your photo a little bit
yesterday oh I got to hang out with Lola
oh I've heard about Lola I don't know
Lola but I do know I am aware of all the
sloths in the area and I would be I know
of Lola I got to pay speeders sweet
potato and some banana
have you seen their teeth they have
those things they're like t-rex Gary and
then I actually also got to meet Vince
and do a Gossip Girl voiceover in the
studio yeah it was my favorite so I know
this is the last season of Gossip Girl
and you've done the voice the whole time
yes do you happen to know at all if
you're gonna be more than a voice this
season I wish that I did I mean I
certainly would if they if they asked me
but I it really depends on I mean how
the characters unfold and if they want
to sort of villainize someone or give
someone a champion stick of being Gossip
Girl in the end other than me I mean dot
diehard fans know it's me but I think
normal people who watch the show they
care a lot more about the characters
that they see every week so it depends
on there's a lot of variables well I've
been trying not to cry this whole time I
do kind of have a scale like you do Wow
if I'm super excited I we asked all
girls do so if you don't admit you're
lying I've been trying to hold back and
probably once you leave be professional
I hope you break down when I go
I wish the cameras are gone go into that
bathroom cigarettes have a good one so
nice to meet you thank you thank you for
doing such wonderful prep work I thought
you did an amazing job and as surreal as
it probably seems I hope it's a great
memory for you it is it is something
that I will remember forever a story I
can tell forever and everyone back home
it's gonna be really jealous I feel like
I tried to be really brave and do
everything and put everything out there
and be the real genuine person I am yeah
and kind of you know follow her lead in
that way and so I feel like I've put my
heart and everything I've done
everything the best that I could I've
said everything I could say and so I
don't feel like I regret anything or I
missed anything yeah I wasn't there for
something I just tried to enjoy every
second and I I think I did that so love
it it was a blast I still don't think
I've processed everything yet when I
first walked in the room it was
nerve-racking on the inside I was you
know panicking and my stomach was in
knots but as soon as I sat down and
check her hand and hugged her and all of
that then I kind of calmed down so to
meet someone like that that is really
kind of a role model for you I did get a
little vulnerable and get a little
choked up it means a lot to me to have
met her just she's an inspirational
person and she's inspired me to be
really strong and to be okay with being
smart and nerdy I'm not always as self
accepting herself confident as she
appears to be so it's fun to watch
someone else just be brave and put
themselves out there I can't believe
that I've been here this whole time the
weekends kind of flown by but it's been
amazing every second of it has been
really amazing
you